(docs) Clean up install docs (#2638)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/troubleshooting.md

Visit the **#bolt** channel in the [Puppet Community
Slack](https://slack.puppet.com) to find a whole community of people waiting
to help!

## PowerShell does not recognize Bolt cmdlets

> PowerShell  3.0 cannot automatically discover and load the Bolt module, so
> you'll need to add it manually. Unless your system dates from 2013 or earlier,
> this situation probably does not apply to you. To confirm your version run
> `$PSVersionTable` in PowerShell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PowerShell 3.0 cannot automatically discover and load the Bolt module. If you're 
using PowerShell 3.0, add the Bolt module manually. 

> 🔩 **Tip** To confirm your PowerShell version, run`$PSVersionTable`.
```

To allow PowerShell to load Bolt, add the correct module to your PowerShell
profile.

1.  Update your PowerShell profile.
    ```
    'Import-Module -Name ${Env:ProgramFiles}\WindowsPowerShell\Modules\PuppetBolt' | Out-File -Append $PROFILE
    ```
1.  Load the module in your current PowerShell window.
    ```
    . $PROFILE
    ```

## PowerShell could not load the Bolt PowerShell module

PowerShell's execution policy is a safety feature that controls the conditions
under which PowerShell loads configuration files and runs scripts. This feature
helps prevent the execution of malicious scripts. The default policy is

> `Restricted` (allow no scripts to run) for Windows _clients_ and `RemoteSigned`

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what Clients means here? Desktops? Or just non-Windows Server?

Reviewer: This is from their verbiage: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/microsoft.powershell.core/about/about_execution_policies?view=powershell-7.1

I think "client" means a machine not running the Windows Server OS. We link to the page below, so maybe that's enough for users. I agree it's not super clear, but we're using their language....

Reviewer 2: Today I learned! Yeah, using their specified language seems like the right call.
